# python_chess
I suggest a solution, written in python, for the chess knight moving problem. The user selects the starting and ending position of the knight and the maximum number of steps. Given the users' input, my approach shows all the possible paths.  My solution is not generalized to be able to give the paths for any given maximum number of steps but it is limited to a user input of the maximum number of steps equal to 4.  I faced the problem like a graph search problem. I created a list of sublists named board that contains all the connections between the chess squares. Each sublists contains the starting square and the squares that are connected to it through one step. The board list is imported from the file lists.py. I wrote a function named findprevious that takes a chess square (string) as input and returns a list with squares that are one step away from it. I also made a function named checkifstart that gets a list as input and returns "1" if the starting square (initially given by the user) exists in this list. In this way the program can check if the knight is one step away from the starting square. Both functions are imported from the file functions.py. The program first checks all the possible previous squares of the end square. Then it checks if one of these squares is the starting point given by the user. If it is, then it prints that the knight can arrive at the end with one step. Then in checks all the previous squares that are two steps far from the end and decides if one of them is the start, so it prints all the right routes that are consisted of two steps. For three steps and four steps the process is the same with one or two more loops added.
